Judging Ourselves, Not Others John 8, verses 1 to 11 While Jesus went to the Mount of Olives. Early in the morning he came again to the temple. All the people came to him and he sat down and began to teach them. The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman who had been caught in adultery; and making her stand before all of them, they said to him, "Teacher, this woman was caught in the very act of committing adultery. Now in the law Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say"? They said this to test him, so that they might have some charge to bring against him. Jesus bent down and wrote with his finger on the ground. When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, "Let anyone among you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her." And once again he bent down and wrote on the ground. When they heard it, they went away, one by one, beginning with the elders; and Jesus was left alone with the woman standing before him. Jesus straightened up and said to her, "Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you"? She said, "No one, sir." And Jesus said, "Neither do I condemn you. Go your way, and from now on do not sin again." Have you ever found yourself in a situation where it was easy to judge someone else? Maybe it was a comment you made about someone's choices, or a thought you had when observing how another person was living their life. I'll be the first to admit, it's easy to fall into that pattern. But in today's passage, Jesus offers us a different way to see things-a way that challenges us to turn that critical eye inward rather than outward. Let's look closely at John 8:1-11, a story where the Pharisees and religious leaders bring a woman caught in adultery before Jesus, expecting Him to judge her. Instead, what He does reveals a profound truth for all of us. "At dawn he appeared again in the temple courts, where all the people gathered around him, and he sat down to teach them. The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group and said to Jesus, 'Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. In the Law, Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say"T They were using this question as a trap, in order to have a basis for accusing him. But Jesus bent down and started to write on the ground with his finger. When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, 'Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her.' Again he stooped down and wrote on the ground. At this, those who heard began